[Music]
hey there instead of a riddle marathon
we're going to have a riddle race it'll
boost not only your logical skills but
also your reaction because you'll have
just five seconds to guess the correct
answer after you get through this race
you'll see your results so make sure to
remember how many riddles you got right
one there are 100 books on a shelf to
count off ten of them you'll need 10
seconds how much time you'll spend on
counting off 70 books 30 seconds you'll
need this time to count off 30 books and
the rest will make 72 you've drawn a
long line how can you make it longer
without touching it draw another shorter
line nearby in this case the first one
will be longer than the second three I
exist until you get to know me as soon
as you learn me I disappear what am i a
secret
for it exists for millions of years but
it's never older than one month what is
it it's the moon in the sky five where
does tomorrow take place earlier than
yesterday in the dictionary 6 I have 6
faces and 21 eyes and still I can't see
what am i I'm a dice 7 an empty bus
arrived at a bus stop and 15 people
entered at the next stop 10 passengers
left the bus and 5 fewer than at the
first stop entered at the third stop 15
people left the bus how many people are
still inside only one person
the driver ate a mother promised her son
to pay him $60 per hour if he washed his
hands for six seconds before eating a
meal but when the son did that and his
mother gave him his well-earned money
the boy got upset why because he
received just ten cents nine I connect
to people even though I touch only one
of them what Emma
a wedding ring 10 I'm lower with a head
on than without it what am i I'm a
pillow 11 it's always served but never
eaten what is it it's a tennis ball 12
this question has just one answer but
everyone answers it differently what
question is it what's your name
13 you always answer me
even though I never asked you any
questions what am i a telephone 14 we're
twins when I leave I give birth to my
sibling and when they leave they give
birth to me what are we a day and a
night 15 what color is the wind
blue huh got you with this one didn't I
16 how can you turn six into an odd
number remove the S and it leaves IX
best number nine in Roman numerals and
this number is odd 17 I can be large and
I can be small I can have any shape but
if you have me you never keep me even if
you like me very much
what am i a gift 18 i have many faces
emotions and expressions and i'm usually
only a tap away wait am i an emoji 19
what will you have if you get three
blackberries and four apples too many
gadgets for one person 20 what type of
goose is brave enough to fight with
snakes a mongoose
21 what word is always pronounced wrong
no matter whether it's a baby or a
professor saying it that's the word
wrong 22 what water can you eat and chew
watermelon 23 I have an eye but no
matter whether it's big or small I still
can't see what am i a needle 24 what
table doesn't have legs the periodic
table 25 I can cycle many hours and
never get tired even at the end of the
day why is that because I'm a clock 26
what can you find somewhere there and
everywhere
the word here 27 what kind of be won't
sting you if you try to catch it a
frisbee 28 I have keys but no locks I
have space but no room you can enter but
you won't go inside wait am i a keyboard
29 there is a word that has six letters
but if you take one letter away there
will be 12 what word is it dozens
thirty poor people have it but rich
people need it if you eat it you won't
survive what is it nothing 31 I only
live if there is light but once the
lights shining on me I disappear
what am i a shadow 32 it's not alive but
it grows it doesn't have lungs but it
needs air what is it it's a fire
33 why are all the rivers in the world
rich they all have two banks Oh 34 what
kind of tree can you easily carry inside
your hand a palm
thirty-five why is the moon like a
dollar because both the moon and a
dollar have four quarters thirty-six I'm
black when you buy me red when you use
me and gray when it's time to throw me
away what am I
charcoal 37 imagine you're running a
marathon and right before the finish
line you pass by the person who's
running the second what place are you in
now still the second you've been faster
than the person in second place but not
the first 38 what is a mysterious object
that you can hold in your left hand but
never in your right hand
your right hand huh
39 what is a seven-letter word that
contains hundreds of letters a mailbox
40 Hannah's birthday is on January 15th
but she always celebrates it in the
summer how come
Hannah lives in the southern hemisphere
41 what's the difference between
yesterday and tomorrow today 42 what can
be lost but never returned life 43 it
has billions of eyes but lives in the
dark it has millions of years but only
four lobes it has no muscles but rules
two hemispheres what is it it's the
brain this human organ has countless
auditory and optic nerves four lobes and
two hemispheres 44 a man was driving a
black truck with the headlights off the
moon wasn't out an elderly lady all
dressed in black was slowly crossing the
road still the driver managed to stop in
time to let her finish crossing the road
how did he see her it happened on a
bright sunny day 45 I can sting without
moving I can poison without touching I
bear the truth and the lies you can't
judge me by my size what am I
a word 46 you can still see it even
though it weighs nothing if you put it
in a bucket the bucket will get lighter
what is it a hole 47 you measure its
life in hours and minutes and it serves
you by expiring is quick when it's thin
and slow when it's fat its biggest enemy
is the wind the longer it lives the
smaller it becomes what is it a candle
48 what kind of dog never bites a hot
dog although you can bite it 49 you get
lost in the woods in the middle of the
winter suddenly you see a cabin it's
dark and cold inside there is just one
candle on the table and a wood-burning
stove in the corner you pull out your
matchbox and see only one match left
what should you light first
the match of course but be very careful
and don't waste your chance 50 I'm a
father and a mother even though I've
never given birth I'm almost never still
but I never walk
what am i a tree are you still with me
then Congrats you've done it now time to
check your results if you crack 10 to 15
short riddles well it's likely not your
day today try having a good night's rest
and practice a bit more tomorrow if you
have sixteen to thirty correct answers
maybe it's time to start working on your
reaction
five seconds was probably not enough for
you to find the correct answer to these
short questions I'm sure that if you had
more time to think you'd have done
better if the number of riddles you've
solved correctly is 31 to 41 you've done
a good job these riddles might look
childish and simple but it takes most
adults several hours to crack them and
if you have a score of 40 to 250 cracked
riddles you must be a genius
with at least a couple of diplomas very
few people can answer all of these
simple at first sight but actually very
tricky questions
hey if you learn something new today
they give the video a like and share it
with a friend and here are some other
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of life
[Music]